docs(repo): add push v2 guide (#1066)
GetStream/stream-chat-flutter: docusaurus/docs/Flutter/guides/adding_push_notifications_v2.mdx

##### Using the Stream Dashboard

1. Go to the **Chat Overview** page on Stream Dashboard

![](../assets/chat_overview_page-2fbd5bbfb70c5623bd37ff7d6c41bf4d.png)

2. Enable **Firebase Notification** toggle on **Chat Overview**

![](firebase_notifications_toggle-5aeabfcbdc24cb8f1fea7d41d0e845fc.png)

3. Enter your Firebase Credentials and press "Save".

##### Using the API

You can also enable Firebase notifications and upload the Firebase credentials using one of our server SDKs.

For example, using the JavaScript SDK:

```js
const client = StreamChat.getInstance('api_key', 'api_secret');
client.updateAppSettings({
  push_config: {
    version: 'v2'
  },
  firebase_config: {
    credentials_json: fs.readFileSync(
      './firebase-credentials.json',
      'utf-8',
    ),
 });
```
### Registering a Device With Stream Backend

Once you configure a Firebase server key and set it up on Stream dashboard then a device that is supposed to receive push notifications needs to be registered on the Stream backend. This is usually done by listening for Firebase device token updates and passing them to the backend as follows:

```dart
firebaseMessaging.onTokenRefresh.listen((token) { 

>       client.addDevice(token, PushProvider.firebase); 

Reviewer: when are we going to add multi-bundle support into this call ? a name to specify the type of saved firebase config

Author: can you send me a link to the documentation? I don't see that in the website

Author: ok found it, we'll add the parameter in another ticket

}); 
```

### Receiving Notifications

Push notifications behave a bit differently depending on whether you are using iOS or Android.
See [here](https://firebase.flutter.dev/docs/messaging/usage#message-types) to understand the difference between **notification** and **data** payloads.

#### iOS

On iOS we send both a **notification** and a **data** payload.
This means you don't need to do anything special to get the notification to show up. However, you might want to handle the data payload to perform some logic when the user taps on the notification.

To update the template, you can use a backend SDK.
For example, using the javascript SDK:

```js
const client = StreamChat.getInstance(‘api_key’, ‘api_secret’);
const apn_template = `{
	"aps": {
		"alert": {
			"title": "New message from {{ sender.name }}",
			"body": "{{ truncate message.text 2000 }}"
		},
		"mutable-content": 1,
		"category": "stream.chat"
	},
	"stream": {
		"sender": "stream.chat",
        "type": "message.new",
        "version": "v2",
        "id": "{{ message.id }}",

>         "cid": "{{ channel.cid }}"

Reviewer: alignment is broken

      )),
    );
  }
}

FirebaseMessaging.onBackgroundMessage(onBackgroundMessage);
```

In the above example, you get the message details using the `getMessage` method and then you use the [flutter_local_notifications](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_local_notifications) package to show the actual notification.

##### Using a Template on Android

It's still possible to add a **notification** payload to Android notifications. 
You can do so by adding a template using a backend SDK.
For example, using the javascript SDK:

```js
const client = StreamChat.getInstance(‘api_key’, ‘api_secret’);
const notification_template = `
{
    "title": "{{ sender.name }} @ {{ channel.name }}",
    "body": "{{ message.text }}",
    "click_action": "OPEN_ACTIVITY_1",
    "sound": "default"
}`;

client.updateAppSettings({
  firebase_config: {
    notification_template,
 });
```

### Possible Issues

Make sure to read the [general push notification docs](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/flutter-dart/push_introduction/?language=dart) in order to avoid known gotchas that may make your relationship with notifications difficult 😢.

### Testing if Push Notifications are Setup Correctly

> If you're not sure wether you've set up push notifications correctly, for example, you don't always receive them, or they don’t work unreliably, then you can follow these steps to make sure your config is correct and working:

Reviewer: reliably

Author: ```suggestion
If you're not sure whether you've set up push notifications correctly, for example, you don't always receive them, or they don’t work reliably, then you can follow these steps to make sure your config is correct and working:
```
